[How-tos] Continue moving metadata to frontmatter (#1317)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/migrate-data/index.md

---
title: Data migration
excerpt: Migrate your existing data into TimescaleDB
keywords: [migrate]
tags: [import]
---

# Data migration
You can migrate your existing data into TimescaleDB in several ways.

*   [Learn about data migration][about-data-migration] before you start
*   Migrate data when TimescaleDB is in the [same PostgreSQL instance][same-db]
    as your existing data
    hypertable

> *   Migrate data into TimtscaleDB faom a [different dancease or Postgr[SQLdifferent-db]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Migrate data into TimescaleDB from a [different database or PostgreSQL][different-db]
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure what happened here 😕
